Math functions.
There are some blocks to do most medical functions Z can be found in mass operations library.
I'll show you some of these blocks but not all of them because it would be a waste of time the first
set of blocks are some product.
Divide the sum block is used to some two or more signals.
It can be a rectangle or circle shape.
You can define the number of signals from here.
There are two signals plus plus I can change to whatever I want.
For example plus plus minus or negative and negative and negative plus and so on.
Let's try for example to add 1 2 3.
The answer is 4 product block put a block takes 2 inputs or more.
Which can be assigned from here and multiplied them together divide block is the same as some plot but
instead of plus or minus as they are multiplication and division.
The number of inputs and the operations are modified from here.
For example let's try multiplication multiplication multiplication and division now from.
So two times two times two over 1 equals 2 8 the next set of blocks EPS sine buys X block output the
absolute value of the input signal for example negative 3 converse 2 plus 3.
Same block produces plus 1 if the input is positive negative 1.
If the input is negative and 0 4 0 inputs for example minus 3 produces minus 1
3 produces 1 0 produces 0 pass block bias block is used to shift the signal by a certain amount plus
or minus which can be useful for different applications as you can see is input negative 3 is shifted
by 3.
So the answer is 0.
I can change the bias to negative 3 so the output is negative 6 the final set of blocks.
Mass function a list of different functions you can choose from.
For example exponential which will return the exponential of input signal you then go to 0 ends.
Output is e to 0 which is 1 square with block which returns a square root of and ambled.
There is also a block which is used to get rid of the floating number and turn into an integer rounding
block.
You can select from different options for example floor so three point five will be down to three seal
so three point five were rounded to next biggest integer which is for round which will turns three point
five to four.
If the first digit is less than 0 point five.
The answer would be three.
Finally fixed which removes the digits and keeping the integer without any change so as output is 3
trig function block.
You can choose from different trig functions.
Just make sure that the input signal is in radians for example is a sign of 22 over 7 or by is due
finally is a polynomial block P of you and this block you define as a coefficient of a given polynomial
the input you is in substituted in this polynomial for example 1 0 negative 1 which is 1 x squared 0
x minus 1 or x squared minus 1 Troy for example for
so sixteen minus one is 15.